"Love After Addiction"
(Episode 1)
That was the second time I set foot here.
To attend their wedding.
The year before that...
Was the longest year
of my life.
Yoki... Yoki... I like you.
Red suit.
Coffee.
Bodyguard.
Demeanor.
(Film Emperor)
Courtesy.
And the next second...
White.
(Ruined Reputation)
And the second after that...
Red.
Pig's blood.
Evidence.
Ugly people.
Her name is Fang Xiaotian.
It should be obvious that
before she splashed me，
I didn't even know her.
As for the motive，
I think you all known.
The media has widely reported it，
and I became the villain.
Condemned by public opinion.
Even though I had solid proof
to prove it was a setup.
I couldn't say anything.
Because
it would drag me into
a deeper abyss.
So her devious plan paid off.
Got famous.
Yeah.
The guy on the right
is my agent, Liang Hao.
After the incident，
we received contract termination notices
from multiple parties.
But my agent
always has his ways.
We've only got a
variety show here.
I think maybe you should
treat it like a trip.
Go have some fun.
And along the way，
take advantage of this show
to create
a better, brand-new image for you.
Then make a comeback.
So my immediate refusal
almost made me miss...
the most important person in my life.
Forget it.
You'd better just watch the story.
[singing classic Chinese opera]
My precious radio!
Meng!
You're really something.
It's nothing, uncle.
As long as you're happy.
The newly crowned Best Actor, Yoki，
has recently been embroiled in a scandal
with actress Fang Xiaotian.
Fang Xiaotian publicly accused Yoki
of domestic violence
and forcing an abortion
during their relationship.
Business partners are
terminating contracts one after another.
What kind of person!
How can anyone
become a celebrity now?
To master an art, first be a decent person.
Look at you!
You, a public figure,
should set a good example.
Setting a fine example indeed.
Well，
I just think
those people on TV
are no match for our Brother Meng.
Right?
Yes, yes.
Handsome and kind-hearted.
Sounds good to me.
Me?
Climbing trees, raiding bird nests?
Climbing trees, raiding bird nests.
That counts as a talent!
And anyway，
you can fix so many things.
How much have you done for the villagers?
Right?
Yes，exactly.
I'm heading out.
Aren't you staying for dinner?
No, thanks.
Really not eating?
I'll pass. I'm going home.
He's a young man,
who has his own mind.
Just let him go.
Xiao Meng!
Finally found you!
Is something the matter?
There's a variety show recently
that's going to film in our village.
They want to get the help of
some young men
to ensure safety,
and also to
promote the unique features of our village.
Aren't you one of our village volunteers?
You were the first person I thought of!
Village Chief.
Don't worry.
I'll give it my full cooperation.
Good.
It's settled then!
Okay.
I'll head off now.
Xiao Meng...
Are you free lately?
Village Chief.
What can I do for you?
Uncle.
The village chief
asked me to deliver this fertilizer.
Just leave it there.
Thank you.
Thanks, Meng.
I'm off.
Thanks for your trouble.
Best Actor.
I recommend conducting an investigation
into how he won that Best Actor award.
All flashy on the surface
but behind the scenes...
but a pervert behind the scenes.
Should've been crumbled long ago.
Disgusting. Disgusting.
His public persona has completely crumbled.
Pervert.
So disgusting.
All flashy on the surface
but a pervert behind the scenes.
Pervert.
Major pervert! Huge pervert!
I am NOT a pervert!
Is that Yoki?
Yoki, you scumbag!
I've been a fan for so many years.
And I never thought you were like this!
Give me back my youth!
Give me back my feelings!
Fans, find someone better to support.
His fame was just luck.
Why on earth does a creep like that
get to be Best Actor?
I always said
he'd come crashing down one day.
Why doesn't he just die?
Such terrible character.
Who knows where those photos came from?
We don't even know if they're real.
That's just one side of the story.
I believe in Yoki.
He's not that kind of person.
I can't wait
to watch this drama.
My expectations are through the roof.
The filming must be tough.
Remember to drink water.
Take care of yourself.
Rookie actor Yoki,
Great things await.
Lanwan Village.
There's a project
called something like Blue... Village.
I think it's pretty good.
You can treat it like a vacation.
That reality show you mentioned earlier，
I'll do it.
Really? That's great!
Yoki, sweetie!
Brother Yoki.
Hello, I'm Ye Ran.
Can you hold this for me?
Sure.
Brother Yoki.
I'm a guest here too.
I've watched your work.
Really?
Should I carry your bag?
Thanks.
No problem, no problem.
Sir.
This car is full.
How about that one?
That one's full too.
What do you mean?
It means wait here
till I come back for you.
Or I'll send you a location
and you figure it out yourself.
But bro, there's still space here.
Go, go, go!
See you on set, sir.
My bag!
My phone's inside!
Come back!
He's so... casual about it.
Before all this happened to him,
I actually liked him.
Is he racing
our car?
Driver，
didn't you say
you were the driving
king of Lanwan Village?
Can you tolerate this?
Stop the car.
Hold on tight.
Not bad! Driver, stop!
Stop!
Come back!
Pick up the phone!
Boss, your phone is ringing.
Don't bother checking.
Must be a spam call.
Take it away. Hang up.
Where am I?
It's quite pretty.
Hey, buddy,
haven't we
met somewhere?
No.
Who sent you?
No one.
You're a paparazzo, right?
Hey! Why are you insulting me?
Who sent you?
No one sent me.
Why are you cursing at me?
Paparazzo, huh?
Why the insults?
Where's the phone?
No phone.
The phone you used to sneak photos.
Hand it over! No! I don't have it!
Let me see.
Give it here.
Isn't my phone right there with you?
N-no, sorry.
Are you crazy?
If you weren't so good-looking，
I would've punched you already.
My wife just topped up this phone.
You're gonna drain it in no time.
Psycho.
I couldn't get through either.
Thanks.
And thank your wife.
"Journey with You"?
You really got me into a mess.
My feet are about to fall off.
Buddy.
Hey, buddy.
Need some help?
Can you ride?
You got a license?
What did you say?
I said, can you ride?
You should probably hold onto me.
It'll be more stable.
That won't be necessary.
Drive carefully.
Please be safe.
Don't fall asleep.
Don't worry.
I absolutely won't fall asleep.
Asleep?
You're overthinking it.
Why is it kind of...
comfortable?
My eyelids are so heavy.
So... heavy...
Hey, buddy.
Buddy?
Did I fall asleep?
We're here.
How much?
You're staying here too?
You're a good guy.
Tasty, right?
Our place
is not easy to get delivery.
The production team managed to get us
this very... distinctive takeout.
When did you get back?
This afternoon.
The village chief called and said
there's a variety show.
He asked me to come
back as a safety officer.
Said they're providing
the guesthouse space to them.
That's great!
With you here,
we'll definitely pull
this collaboration off.
Go add some water.
Okay.
Sorry, Teacher Yoki.
My flight was delayed today.
So your arrangements were mishandled.
But I just
sent a car to pick you up.
How did you
get here so fast?
I hate nothing more than a man
who disrespects women.
Watch it. I'll teach
you a lesson.
Your palms are sweaty.
Teacher Yoki.
Just as sleazy as on TV.
Majestic.
Without me,
would this show
be able to get funding?
To tape with no issues?
Be sitting here having a meal?
Brother Yoki.
Sit down.
Teacher Yoki.
Don't be mad.
Sit down and have some.
We specially made
bitter melon with eggs for you.
Cool down please.
Calm your temper.
Also,
starting tomorrow,
we begin filming.
Funding is already secured.
Surprised?
Shocked?
Happy?
He's like the most country
of country bumpkins.
Where's my bag?
If I'm not mistaken，
someone has probably
already taken it to your room.
Then where's my room?
I think you'd better
ask the front desk.
Since it involves privacy.
If everyone found out
that wouldn't be good, right?
See you later, Mr. Yoki.
See that?
That's a big star.
It just so happens our dishes
are a bit light today.
His presence added some more spice for us.
Hello.
Which is my room?
What's your name?
Yoki.
What about Yoki?
Just tell me your name.
Yoki is my name.
Yoki.
My name is
What about Yoki?
Yoki is my name.
What are you laughing at?
My name is Yang Meng.
Yang Meng... More like Yang "Weakling".
Yang Meng.